OKTA-413125 Overall style edit for OIE embedded auth content - part 1 (#2571)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/oie-embedded-common-download-setup-app/main/ios/redirecturi.md

> For the sample app, use `com.embeddedauth://callback` as the redirect URI. Otherwise, use a redirect URI that is appropriate for your app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the sample app, use either `com.embeddedauth://callback` as the redirect URI or a redirect URI that is appropriate for your app.
```
